# CS211-Assignment2
	Introduction
	This assignment is designed to use a hash table to count the number of unique addresses accessed
	by a program. You need to implement a program called count. The input of the count program
	is a trace consisting of 64-bit addresses and you are required to print out the number of unique
	address in the trace.
	
	Problem specification: Use a hash table to count the number of
	unique addresses
	Hash table with chaining
	In this assignment, you will implement a hash table with chaining. An important part of a hash
	table is collision resolution. In this assignment, we want you to use chaining, which is different
	from Assignment 1. Figure 1 shows an example of using separate chaining in hash table. More
	information about chaining with linked list can be found at Wikipedia, http://en.wikipedia.
	org/wiki/Hash_table#Separate_chaining_with_linked_lists.
	
	Input format: This program takes a file name as argument from the command line. The file can
	have from a few lines to millions of lines. Each line contains an address in hexadecimal format, i.e.
	0x7f1a91026b00, generated by pintool (http://pintool.org). Each address is represented as a
	64-bit hexadecimal number.
	Output format: Your program should print the number of unique addresses in the file. There
	should be no leading or trailing white spaces in the output. Your program should print “error”
	(and nothing else) if the file does not exist.
	
	In this assignment, we will test your program with millions of lines of addresses. You can initialize
	the hash table with 1000 entries. The largest test case contains 5 million lines with about 15,000
	unique addresses. In this case, the average number of nodes in each linked list is 15.
